MUTUAL FUND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
I/We hereby confirm that the EUIN box has been intentionally left blank by me/us as this is an “execution-only” transaction without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the above distributor or notwithstanding the advice of in-appropriateness, if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the distributor and the distributor has not charged any advisory fees on this transaction”.
 
I/We have fully read and understood the contents of the Scheme Information Document and Key Information Memorandum including addenda thereto with respect to the Mutual Fund scheme (“the Scheme”) subscribed herein and hereby confirm and agree to abide by the terms and conditions for placing an order on the Mutual Fund platform offered by HDFC securities Limited: IS IT PURELY FOR PLACING OF ORDERS ONLY?

1. The value of the units purchased / redeemed will be based on the applicable Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Scheme which may vary from time to time.

2. HDFC Securities is a registered Mutual Fund intermediary (MFI) and has notified to me/us all the commissions (whether upfront, trail or otherwise), payable to them for the Scheme and the same are acceptable to me/us.

3. I/We have been notified of the Entry and/or Exit Load in the Scheme and the same is acceptable to me/us.

4. I/We shall ensure that sufficient and adequate money/securities, free from any charge/encumbrances etc. are available in the designated account/s notified to the MFI to cover the purchase/redemption and other costs and charges payable to MFI by me/us.

5. I/We shall be unconditionally bound to compensate the MFI in case the MFI suffers any loss including as a result of non-delivery/short delivery of Securities and/or non-payment/short payment of funds, default in charges, costs etc. If after execution of any transaction and for any reason whatsoever there is insufficient funds/securities, MFI shall in addition to other legal remedy, may square up the transactions at any time at my/our sole risk, costs and consequences. Any such loss on account of such squaring up will be solely borne and paid by me/us.

6. I/We agree and acknowledge that any instruction given by me/us before the cut off time as may be intimated by MFI to me/us from time to time would be processed on the same day. Any instructions received after the prescribed cut off time will be processed on the next working day. Provided however that the MFI shall in exceptional circumstances including on account of any technical snag and/or failure in the system extend the processing time accordingly with prior intimation of such exceptional circumstances to me/us.

7. I/We shall be bound by circulars/notices issued by the regulatory authorities including designated Stock Exchanges/SEBI from time to time and I/we are aware that the units of the schemes shall be allotted and/or redeemed, as the case may be, as per the Exchange guidelines in force and the terms of the Scheme, as applicable.

8. MFI shall not be liable for any loss, consequential or otherwise, that may arise to me/us as a result of the incorrect NAV as displayed / applied on units allotted to me/us by the Exchange / Mutual Fund etc.

9. I/We hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree to pay charges/fees as per the MFIs schedule of charges/fees, including any change in the schedule of charges that may be notified by the MFI from time to time. I/We agree and understand that charges/ fees are in addition to those levied by the Scheme of the Mutual Fund.

10. I/We are fully aware and understand that investment in mutual fund schemes is wholly at my/our own risk and judgement and the MFI is not in any way responsible for the investments made by me/us in the Schemes of Mutual Fund. I/We shall not in any way hold the MFI responsible for the investments made by me/us nor bring any action, whatsoever against the MFI in this regard.

11. I/We are fully aware of the risks associated with availing of services for routing orders over the internet/securities trading through wireless technology and I/we shall be fully liable and responsible for any and all acts done by using my/our username/password in any manner whatsoever. I/We further understand the security concerns of username/password and hereby agree to keep the same confidential to my/our use and shall not in any way hold the MFI responsible for its unauthorized use.

12. Any tax implication arising out of any transactions entered in to pursuant to these terms and conditions would be as per the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961, or any modification or re-enactment thereof.

13. These terms and conditions will always be read and construed in conjunction with the mandatory rights and obligations (including non-mandatory obligations, if any) entered into between MFI and me/us.

14. MFI has the absolute discretion to amend and/or supplement any of the terms and conditions at any time and MFI will endeavour to give prior notice of the same by email or by displaying the amended Terms and Conditions on the Website or in any manner, it may deem fit, and such amended terms and conditions will apply to and be binding on us/meI/We hereby confirm that this is an “execution-only” transaction without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the above distributor or notwithstanding the advice of in-appropriateness, if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the distributor/MFI and the distributor/MFI has not charged any advisory fees on this transaction.

Risk Factors:
All mutual funds and securities investments are subject to market risks and there can be no assurance that the Scheme’s objectives will be achieved and the NAV of the Scheme may go up or down depending upon the factors and forces affecting the securities market. Past performance of the Sponsors and their affiliates/AMC/Mutual Fund and its Scheme(s) are indicative and do not guarantee and/or confirm the future performance of the Scheme of the Mutual Fund. Please carefully read the Scheme Information Document (including addenda)and Statement of Additional Information before investing.

Disclaimer:

1) The MFI and/or its agents shall not be liable and/or responsible for any loss or liability caused or incurred directly or indirectly due to any act or omission of the client or any lost opportunity, actual or perceived, caused directly or indirectly by government restriction, Exchange or market rulings or regulation, force majeure event, suspension of trading, power failure, computer system failure, communication failure, security failure on the Internet, equipment or software malfunction, hacking, unauthorized access, or any problem, technological or otherwise, that might prevent the client from entering, or the MFI from executing an order, or any other conditions beyond the MFI’s control.

2) The services are execution based services only and shall in no way be construed as advisory and/or recommendatory in nature.

3) MFI reserves the right to either temporarily or permanently, withdraw or suspend the Services at any time without giving any notice or assigning any reason for the same, whether in respect of one or more clients. In case of a temporary withdrawal, the privileges may be reinstated by MFI at its sole discretion.

